Yeah okay Good morning everybody I'm.
glad you can come I'm really centre service team. Um I'm just gonna have a little powerpoint presentation for us for kickoff meeting my name is rose longer and I'll be the project manager our agenda is we're gonna do a little opening and then gonna talk a little bit about the project the love to acquaintance just getting to know each other a little bit including a tool training exercise. And all move into the project plan to little discussion and closes we only have twenty five minutes first of all our project aim we're creating a new remote control which we have three goals about it needs to be original trendy and user friendly. I'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those so we're gonna divide this up into three compound three parts first the functional design which will be personal do individual work come into a meeting the conceptual design individual work and a meeting. And then the detailed design individual work and a meeting. So they will each be doing our own ideas my coming together and collaborating okay we're gonna get to know each other a little bit. So we're gonna do is start off with let's start off with the mean a a lima sorry lima. Um we're gonna do a little tool training. So we're gonna work at that whiteboard behind a a introduce yourself say one thing about yourself and then draw your favourite animal tells about it.
okay no which one of the things I have to bring with me.
probably both right so and so's to draw.
my favourite animal I have no drawing skills whatsoever. But let's see introduce myself my name is only mel which teeny and from the state of Maine in the US doing.
socialism studies probable under have noticed.
talents how you spell your name may I and I.
no and I guess I'm the industrial designer.
on this project. So if I can get here I will draw a little turtle for you all necessarily "'cause" it's absolute favourite animal but just that I think the durable have the pretty little shell going on you go to turtle. So what are your favourite characteristics I I like the whole having the shelf thing it's quite cool carry your home around where you go quite decorative little animals they can swim they can they're very adaptable. They carry everything they need with and they're easy to draw.
excellent. So just go around the table.
Okay my name's in the interface design of the project my five oh I should leave out.
you know you can raise the turtle it.
might be nice to have them all at the same time.
not gonna draw it quite a scale is absolutely wonderful.
all were to say I will to oh.
yeah and yeah other is normal buttons well the quite intelligent the the kind of mysterious don't really know much about them on this oh.
contractions with me alright and Jesse I'm from around DC are sort of in the US and we're gonna keep the TC sort of thing going on very animal know how to draw you do the water how it's or give an idea. I have no idea how one would explain with basically it supposed to be a feel you can imagine in the water I like them because the with playful and really sort of have a good time I can gonna try to pretend like it can get any better than that okay.
I rose and project manager from California.
I but see okay it's definitely a signalling harder once you're doing the times actually I only.
let's say if it's a little bit is now to you yeah.
that's pretty impressive.
dear yes I live and the very question open space in California we have coyotes use all the time. So I really enjoy their their singing and they're really beautiful animals.
okay moving on to.
the more serious stuff we talk about project finances. Um we have a couple we'd like to sell it for about twenty five euro with the profit aim of fifty million euro from our sales and because this is such this is for television it's a with market range of internet like it's an international market range we don't have to worry about specifics. Um in order to make a profit of this magnitude we need to be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty euro. So we're selling it for twice what we'd like to produce a four okay just a general the discussion about the project good good like to hear about your experiences using wrote remote controls your first ideas about creating a new remote control what would be the best lay you to what are the features that you really like what features that you don't like et cetera and so.
oh he when there's like whatever buttons then you have the past a actually turn on the TV like you have to do one for the power the TV and then like another one to get the actual screen on and nothing else about going I don't know now we can combining all different remotes together and I don't know by necessarily like that "'cause" I feel like you end up the multimedia overload. I just wanna watch the TV with that cost sort of like device to help you find a.
jeez remote controls D and CD player. Um I guess the the pretty you don't have to get up really specially you know someone really lazy and a bit annoying especially I have a ton of them you want to put digital box have an agenda many buttons on the oh so whatever you know change the channel change.
yeah I agree with having too many remotes.
around my dad has a whole chore at home of remotes for various things I don't know how to work half of them. Um what's important for me I guess is that it's easy to use. And there's not too many buttons are not too small you know need to know what you're doing and one thing I particularly like is if you're not sort of moving it around to get it to work with infrared yeah I think there's a way around that but I know in my residence right now the the television you sort of have to walk all around the room to turn on so it's just simpler just to just turn on the TV itself and I think that's if you're gonna make a remote control it should actually work for what it's too we.
about like batteries and things like that like other some remotes that all don't require batteries or do our remote require batteries.
how imagine all of them but we could but also we could use like a lithium battery yeah some that would last a lot longer than like double is like the those of the batteries that are used in a lot of MP three players now on that kind of thing okay since we have a little bit of a conflict over the combining all the can together versus having five different remotes. So like you said you don't like having all the buttons on one on one remote and yeah you don't wanna have five remotes. So how do we work done good we get something that just has no it doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder or program is other things that I'm not very coherent about but that just has your major buttons for that work for everything you know volume control on off channel changer.
maybe that spatially divide it so it's like if you're looking if you're trying to get the TV on that you know like the topic on their remote and have it be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're gonna make it but if it's like all the TV stuff is here than all the PCR suppose you're all the whatever else you have programmed into it it's all just in a separate place and not like all the on button together "'cause" in a like I don't even know what to try.
oh yeah and if if you save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you would need to use everyday okay so maybe have like one remote that as the main functions on off channel changing volume another road remote with all the special things. Because that is one thing that on remotes tend to have buttons that the T V.s no longer have as well. So like you have to have them somewhere "'cause" you're gonna need the special functions occasionally. Um but not necessarily on the road that normal remote.
us designing a remote control for television only I mean at this device is just to be used but the Teller would we even technically possible so I don't know that you have to stick to just television tell.
good question I'll look into it.
I think it's just TV I mean if it for taking it just right outside new product a new television remote control it's not like doesn't say yeah and now things might be more advanced that.
so we should maybe we should actually just somebody wanting to control well not supposed to know again oh I don't know oh.
as we have to define what what we're aiming for if it's just the television than that it's a bit simpler there's less buttons that would even need to be on it.
an idea of the buttons being or the or and large yeah older.
people or people like me that are very coordinated hand I it's really quite important that you're not pressing a small teeny mobiles phones size buttons if we can help okay sounds like we've had a good little discussion for first ideas might if we move on so okay our next meeting starts in thirty minutes we've we've actually been only working on this this one for about twenty so we can continue discussing more new ideas if you'd like but this is just a breakdown of what we'll be doing individually industrial design only man you know doing the working design. Um the user interface designer that's real so technical functions I guess like keeping in mind the buttons thing the size the buttons on the user requirements so you'll be hearing about different trends about different things that people need I guess kind of the same discussion that we've been having we'll get from actual concern consumers okay and you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach I realised in this past when we we didn't have much we just wanted to go brainstorming done so very excited to see all your animals. And how what wonderful artists Wheeler any questions I haven't gotten an agenda yet I'll put that together I'm sure as well each get around instructions and then because what we're gonna do is first are individual actions and then we'll come back together sure we'll have more concrete things to contribute next she will be busy okay what type about many minutes and probably email those out to all of you. Um just including all the things that we talked about yes I miss think again I'll just attach it to you know and you're you're number two to three four.
is that correct right it's slow is.
lovely video make sure you keep checking company website in the emails pacific do that right yeah oh.
