Hmmm another thing okay.
Yeah but that did not.
okay welcome to the meeting everyone.
so attempt to make this into a slide show no.
sorry guys me to do the functionality. I did twice so just taken well well okay we'll have deal.
with it like that is then alright this is the first meeting for developing our product here. I'm heather every project manner yeah.
right okay. So.
so that was the opening of the first thing we'll do is get acquainted with one another if everyone could go around and explain their role and and then a in okay.
my name's poppy I'm The.
industrial designer for this project. Um I'm going to be responsible for the functional.
and face also in the conceptual design and.
and the detailed design for the final product.
nice to meet you poppy okay my name's time the user interface I will be responsible for the functional design phase the conceptual design phase and the detailed design phase of the user interface right right I am Genevieve on the marketing expert I'm an expert at marketing I'll be telling you guys about the user requirement specifications for new product I'll be doing some trend watching in the conceptual design. And product evaluation for the design phase right heather..
I've I said I'm your project manager.
well you can pretty much read what it is do but.
yeah and tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today as well as planning the project how we're going to create this product and discuss bum our aims objectives on this which princess right next subject as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy. Um completely new style so that can really appeal to to a generation that doesn't want the a simple plain kind of channel changer. And it needs to be user friendly for maybe for example for people that I can see the numbers as well or perhaps ergonomic.
okay this is television remote control.
yes it's a television remote control I believe it should.
taking minutes on this right now. So all right yeah the way that we're going to go about this is we'll have a time where we can come up with new ideas alone and then work on the project and then after we've brainstormed and and thought but we can come together in a meeting and and discuss what what what kind of functional design we want to use same with conceptual design and detailed design. So making sure that it it's usable that as a and then it's it's feasible to create and just come up with the concept of what we want we want it to look like tool training bases everyone.
I know listen I think you're great great.
one thing that we're going to do is become more acquainted with the the tools that we have access to for project one of them is our whiteboard. And as a sort of team building moment. Um I I'd like us to try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal on the carrot characteristics of that animal. And why that why that should be your favourite animal. So I I'm assuming that we should do that now.
okay okay with our my reform.
sort astro bodies okay I it's if you.
to come up to convey we'll this is actually building time okay okay cool on my fear animal.
which changes all the time. And right now it is an L okay.
okay okay okay. So right yeah it's gonna be yeah win.
yeah currently like it has holly growing out of and.
do you have oh.
well you can from yes you do yeah.
used to moved here yeah yeah she yeah okay okay I think we have like a syndicate yeah I this is my very shapely okay that the sketching my my elk.
and if it is my favourite animal right now "'cause" it is a large beautiful majestic creature that that in a way looks kind of awkward because it's on spindly legs and it but it can really overcome harsh terrain and although it's gorgeous it's also very dangerous because that has strong antlers and you can really combat its enemies even like it it's it's an hour before but really defend it.
oh okay right.
I'm gonna take minutes while guys okay.
special favourite animals I.
animal all of I I go for two animals to the bible I'm gonna.
draw a cat in memory of my poor cat that died recently.
well yeah we have a strange doing that yeah not is that it had remote cutting that that I like that's because.
they're so independent and they always seem to be doing what they want to be doing. Um but that doesn't mean that completely not sociable "'cause" they enjoy interacting with humans as well and they seem to enjoy the good things like sunshine and Reading around outside as well listing inside in in during the food and generally just they just seemed. So cool.
and you know what they do we.
I recommend sort of like a little that they know what they want.
we have a up sorry yep okay I think I think we a dog lot of really show and I of drawn dog I'm tempted straws snail "'cause" a draw a nice thing right it's gonna have really strange are "'cause" I'm not sure how to draw a dog well they're like the different.
types of the I Represent one kind of dog.
I started about nine I think oh if I can the this but not look like like I personally. I don't know yeah I I draw a lot all right all right you know what it's okay I like dogs because they're so good to humans like they can be trained to be police dogs and seeing eye dogs and friendly animals and like the was a companion than cat. I'm not gonna get it cats cats don't really like me so we can't like but they just a friendly one nice on but don't look like that yeah already I feel like a robot well I guess how the was time to think about it I'm going to draw a butterfly versus a butterfly yesterday that seem to be like the symbol of spring arriving. And is actually prettiest butterfly ever seen out in the wild I thought those prequels call it was like wells low point in that at first I thought was a dead leaf. And then it landed on the wall next to me. But this part was all brown and then had these big blue dots like this. And then it kind there's a green I think as a green ring and there is like red going out like this. Is kinda like a peacock yeah it kinda was actually "'cause" Israel this part of the body was really tall and then it was like the most colourful exotic butterfly ever and I'm like once as middle Scotland in march. So I thought that's pretty cool on that line to buy one let me look at it for about two minutes I wish I'd had my camera. So that's gonna be my favourite animal because after all the snow it seem to say that like spring is finally here yeah and great can what do we up.
do you hear the eraser but.
well you do that. Yes I do write "'em" so now that we know how to use.
the whiteboard and the next thing we need to address is our financial department to meet our our budget or not meet our budget but more like what kind of selling range will be looking at wanna make this as just selling price of twenty five euros. And so we have to come up with a way to to create a a of remote control where we can like the price to create it will be significantly less we'd like to to make fifty million euro assuming that the M means. Um and make it for an international market one thing we have to think about internationally is in the design of like different kinds of VC R.s things like that depending on which country you are another thing for the design team to think about we want it to cost absolute maximum of twelve euro and fifty cents.
okay so we'll have a hundred percent profit on twelve fifty.
and that a yeah okay okay some now that that is underway in it is discussion time so this time for us to bring our initial ideas any suggestions that you may have so far and your personal experiences with remote controls and areas you see that could be improved your experience of.
them does anyone have any initial thoughts a find them in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing.
so something we could to to remedy that okay.
I spend that.
the house the remote control always good to see.
yeah what a remote control.
maybe if you could have some kind of tracking.
the right to do all of them I know.
that you could find out where it was headed and some kind of alarm you can press a button on your wall.
yeah it's a great idea is a good idea always gets lost. T not find that like there's a buttons on your remote yeah I don't know yeah they don't use half some remote controls with this kind of a hidden panel so all those buttons that you don't really use one yeah longer something that's that's useful yeah okay so you just have like the number buttons power but in TV video button yeah right anything about.
the look of the remote control that you might have ideas about maybe you could be so like a standard rectangular shape it could be something more interesting like any ideas will do that you have this boy.
shaped like a conch shell shaped can hold it too are we going into.
to kind of novelty factors see like I've seen.
well if it's a trendy original no.
aspect we're going for you the designer chicken yeah in decide what kind of a direction you wanna go in but at this point in the in the first meeting it can be any any ideas that we just throw out there yeah.
I so if we had heading to have it like make huge profit out of this it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing like a novelty thing might only sell a few things rather than like it too.
general kind of all acceptable.
we don't wanna go to a boring "'cause" that one sound like.
and key issue here is is being trendy and original and that does not necessarily mean it needs to be outrageous yeah okay we have five minutes left. So just to cover we have one more thing. Um but you can go over your ideas of course in your own personal times our next meeting will be in half an hour's have half an hour to think about what you want to present or not present but bring the meeting IT whatever that stands or.
interest to designer industrial designer.
remember these things. Um you'll be beginning you're you're working design UID the technical functions design will will be worked on the next thirty minutes maybe how this can be achieved and we need the user requirements from the T manage marketing expert. Um.
you will get a specific instructions of what.
to do in the next half an hour and I'll see you in half.
okay okay thank you..
